1. This is a coloring book at the end of the day so each page will need some image generated on it for the kids to color. the time it takes to generate these images are our investment in the customer and the life time value of that customer. If you can supply some general costs per book we might need to pay in order to process these stories, that would be great. another thought on this, if we are able to only process the first page of the story (to use as the teaser as I described with the abandoned cart scenario) and then pause processing until payment was actually received, that could help mitigate large costs without backing. 

2. My family owns a print shop and I am currently employed there so printing and fulfillment will be done by us. We can get into those detail later but know we have full control over the entire production process. 

3. This is the part that we could really add some value, in my humble opinion. I would like to dive deeper into this as we get closer to it but I am envisioning a hybrid madlib/story board creation/direction guidance from the AI. An example being like yours, user chooses "Adventure Story" and the first prompt could be "[character] embarks on an adventure to find ____." User inputs what they go to find, let's say "buried treasure" for this example. Now the AI knows the story is heading down the path of buried treasure so it can tailor it's response to further storyboard down that path, instead of completely random/goofy responses, the user will be prompted to fill in parts of the story that can be altered in order to make this a legitimate story that flows, makes sense and could even offer life lessons to the kids - if the user adds these features to the storyboard. Basically, I would rather the AI adapt in the live conversation to help prompt the user for suggestions that make sense in an actual children's story. 

4. Piggybacking off my answer from point 3 above, we may not need to actually edit things. I think if we set up the story board workflow correctly, the user can have these controls on editing as they go. For example, when the user is in the storyboarding phase (point 3) and they are working on a section of the story with the AI, when the section is complete, they can be offered 2 buttons, one which says "keep writing" and the other saying something like "redo the last section" That way they have control and can make adjustments in the moment. 

5. Watermarking is acceptable but again, working at the print shop, we already have a proofing system we can use and generate a proof link for the customer. We will probably watermark though to be safe. 

6. Stripe is just fine for MVP and maybe even the entire app, I was just listing to get the ball rolling. Whatever is easiest on me (the non-coder) to implement that would be great. 

I see the concerns section and noticed you did show me some pricing for the API costs so you don't have to answer my previous question, unless you can dig deeper for a more accurate quote that I can use to price these books. If it is all the same, for now let's start with making just 25 page book plus a cover (the cover we can discuss later but it will be on a heavier stock) I plan on making these perfect bound books (we just bought a perfect binding machine so the timing is finally right for this project to hit the ground!) and there is a thickness tolerance of about an 1/8 inch thick. I do not know the thickness of the paper stock yet but we can start with a standard 25 pages for each book for now. If we add more pages later, we are just talking about API price and time to generate everything. If you could, supply me with an API price, as accurately as you can get, for 25 pages. 